---
layout: post
current: post
cover: assets/images/coffeeshop.jpg
navigation: true
title: Out to Sea
date: 2012-09-01 10:00:00
tags: fiction
class: post-template
subclass: post tag-fiction
author: edgar
published: true
---
Hello world- This is my first post 

Coffeeshop around the corner...

I have been running around in India in my motorcycle for a few years now. But by no means am I a regular international traveller. My first ever international trip was to Indonesia, in 2020. And with that came a lot of surprises.

I booked a flight ticket from Bangalore to Surabaya (I wanted to visit the ever so famous volcano, Mount Bromo - more on that on a future post). Considering how inexperienced I was, I didn't think much at first. As any broke traveller would do, I booked the cheapest flight option from Bangalore to Surabaya. It costed me around 14,000 INR (195 USD) which is  a fairly cheap price.

BLR - KUL (Indigo), KUL - SUB (AirAsia)

My flight is a connecting flight through Kuala Lumpur with a layover at Kuala Lumpur for 3 hours. So far so good.

Comes the day of the trip. Jan 10th, 2020. My flight is at 4am. Since this is my first ever international trip, I didn't want to take any risk and I reached the airport around 12.30am. I had no clue what was waiting for me.

Lugging my 13kg rucksack on my back and the 7kg laptop bag on the front, like a tired husband carrying a toddler, I walked to the check-in counter, full of enthusiasm and excitement, waving my blank passport to the staff at the counter.

She asked for my visa and with a confused face, I told her that I am going to Indonesia and it's visa-on-arrival for Indians. She gave a me a look and told me that I needed to show her my Malaysian visa.
